TODO.md, before:

TODO

= Finish proof of concept

fix some applet warnings:
security: Missing Codebase manifest attribute for: http://localhost:3000/launssh.jar
security: Missing Application-Library-Allowable-Codebase manifest attribute for: http://localhost:3000/launssh.jar

extract swing UI from applet; reuse in application

remove all traces of non-native execution paths in launchpad, launchers

= De-brand

Remove references to "rightscale" in hardcoded paths. Choose more reasonable/suitable hardcoded names.

Change package and class names to remove RightScale affiliation.

Add license header to all source files.

= MindTerm replacement

Create a new launcher that embeds an OpenSSH ssh.exe for Windows systems that lack PuTTY or a preinstalled OpenSSH client.

= Name changes

stop using "key material" and specify public or private key in variable names. (Or "user" and "host" key.)

= Redo persistence 

Distinguish between safe dir (for application-related scripts, etc) and SSH preferences dir (for private keys, host config, etc)
Launcher owns preferences dir; launchpad owns safe dir!

= Command-Line Interface

Redesign CLI to be task-oriented. Should avoid all flags and options and use a "natural" invocation pattern. Something like:

# open an SSH session, using the optional alias to identify the host for purposes of host key auth, etc
launssh open [--session=foo] user@hostname [--host-key=<host public key>]

# import a private key file to key directory; set permissions suitably
launssh import <base64 ppk file or OpenSSH private key block>

= Preferences Dialog

Give users a way to order their preference of launcher, choose the location of their safe directory, and so forth.

= Verbose Mode

Add backtrace info to error dialogs. Add --verbose or --debug flag that pops up a dialog for normal log(String, Throwable) calls.

=

Commit message:

Remove the word "native" from UI, method and variable names, etc.

TODO.md, after:

TODO

= Finish proof of concept

fix launchpad "unavailable" logic: don't remove launcher from the list; leave it there, and add a status-reporting method
so the applet/application can query to find out what's wrong 

extract swing UI from applet; reuse in application

remove all traces of non-native execution paths in launchpad, launchers

= De-brand

Remove references to "rightscale" in hardcoded paths. Choose more reasonable/suitable hardcoded names.

Change package and class names to remove RightScale affiliation.

Add license header to all source files.

= MindTerm replacement

Create a new launcher that embeds an OpenSSH ssh.exe for Windows systems that lack PuTTY or a preinstalled OpenSSH client.

= Redo persistence 

Distinguish between safe dir (for application-related scripts, etc) and SSH preferences dir (for private keys, host config, etc)
Launcher owns preferences dir; launchpad owns safe dir!

= Command-Line Interface

Redesign CLI to be task-oriented. Should avoid all flags and options and use a "natural" invocation pattern. Something like:

# open an SSH session, using the optional alias to identify the host for purposes of host key auth, etc
launssh open [--session=foo] user@hostname [--host-key=<host public key>]

# import a private key file to key directory; set permissions suitably
launssh import <base64 ppk file or OpenSSH private key block>

= Preferences Dialog

Give users a way to order their preference of launcher, choose the location of their safe directory, and so forth.

= Verbose Mode

Add backtrace info to error dialogs. Add --verbose or --debug flag that pops up a dialog for normal log(String, Throwable) calls.

=
